Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to convert our currency.
All right, so we are done with this part and I'm going to leave it like this, you know what?
I'm just going to comment it out.
I'm not going to leave it like that.
And what I want to do is I want to create a comment here.
And that's basically just going to be like dashers or hyphenates or.
Like lines, right, and I want to do the same thing here, because we are going to have some code on
top of this function, so it shouldn't get confusing for you.
So now what I want to do is we are going to grab our function and we want to perform that actual currency
conversion like 1000 aph and to 1000 to USD.
How much we are going to earn.
Right.
Because money is good, right?
Is it.
No, of course not.
So we are going to say what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a function and this function.
What is this going to do?
The function inside this function, we are going to convert our currency.
So I'm just going to call it convert currency.
Now, what are the parameters, what do you think the parameters are, because inside this function
is when where we call the circuit exchange.
So these two parameters are going to come right in, that's for sure.
And the next one is going to be our amount or our I could say X.
Change exchange amount is better right now.
Let's call this function first and let's store it inside a variable so we have our CONSED, let's call
it exchange rate, OK, so it's the same as this one.
I'm just going to call it.
Right.
Or I'm going to call it a mount exchange rate and mount exchange rate and let's call that function so
it is get exchange rates.
What are the two parameters that are the two arguments for that?
It's going to be these two, right.
And now you can see there is something wrong with this line of code.
And what is that?
This is going to be a promise.
And when this is a promise, we need to wait until the data is calculated.
Right.
So I'm just going to add and await key word here, right.
Until we get the data.
And when you add the eight key word, the async should be added to that function as well.
So this is another asynchronous function in here.
Now I'm going to say const converted amount.
And what is the converted amount?
The converted amount is going to be our exchange amount times.
Keep in mind the amount exchange rate.
How cool is that amount exchange rate and this is what we have.
Yeah, it remove the parentheses, but I'm going to add a later.
So now what do we do.
Let's go ahead and let's say cancel the log.
What do we want.
You know what, I'm just going to return this.
I'm going to return it and then we are going to do something with it.
So return are.
Return convert to the amount converted amount.
So now let's call this function here, convert to convert currency.
We know that there are going to be three arguments for this.
So what is the first argument?
Let's pass fan.
What is the second argument?
Let's pass USD.
What is the third argument?
That is the amount one thousand dollars 1000 Afghanis.
All right, so and we are going to say then, because this entire thing is going to return a promise.
So we need to do then and after that.
Let's just say exchange results exchange, where are the parentheses, but then exchange results and
I just want to basically console log that exchange.
No, not that exchange result.
OK, so there shouldn't be any space there, perfect.
Let's come here, we get thirteen point zero to and if I come here, so we have 1000 Afghani and that
is 13, almost the same thing.
Of course, this is Google.
This is data that fixed audio.
The rates are going to be a lot of a different like a tad different, a tiny, minuscule difference.
And we can see that we can calculate from any currency to any other currency.
So let's say you want to change Canadian dollars to United States starters and what it would do you
get you're going to get seven fifty seven.
You remember that?
And I think it was the lecture in the first lecture that we started talking about the concepts.
It was seven fifty six.
Yeah, it was seven fifty six and we got seven fifty seven.
It's almost a little bit different.
That's because of the conversion rates.
You can change Canadian dollars to Australian dollars.
Then you're going to get a thousand dollars, right, because I think Canadian dollars are worth more
than Australian dollars.
We can check that out.
So we have CTD right here, one point five four.
So the U.D. should be bigger than one point five four nine.
So, Kudelka, you can see it's one point sixty five.
It's bigger.
I'm an analyst, a financial analyst.
No, I'm not.
I'm just kidding.
So we we have been able to successfully implement this logic.
Now, the other parts, they're not that difficult.
They're simple.
But what I'm going to do is I'm going to do this message as well.
So if you convert something, you are going to get a message, this message.
So let's create this message and then we are done with this with this lecture.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say return.
Return what returned them, the exchange amount.
So we have exchange amount and then the exchange amount is going to be a number and then return the
from currency, from currency, from this amount, this amount from this currency is worth.
This converted amount converted amount of
converted amount of this currency to currency.
Right, so we we are going to return that so you can see that a thousand Canadian dollars is equal to
a thousand point six eight, all these numbers.
So I'm just going to go ahead and say I'm going to fix it to two decimal points.
That's why that's what I told you, that we are going to come back and I'm just going to say to fixed
and it returns is Trank representing a number in fixed point notation.
So I'm just going to provide it to a number of digits after the decimal point must be in range zero
to two inclusive.
So I'm just going to put it to zero to twenty, sir.
So now you can see that a thousand Canadian dollars is ten sixty eight point oh six.
All right.
So now we are done with this function and with this, of course, we are not going to call it right
away inside the JavaScript.
We are going to call it when we click this get rate or when we submit this for.
So that's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.